README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><strong>Hyun Woo, Jung</strong></h1>

<h4 align="center">Email: hyunwoo.jung@yonsei.ac.kr </h4>


# <h1 align="center"> 🏫 Education </h1>
- MS in Quantitative Marketing (advisor Prof.Jeonghye Choi)
  - University of Yonsei, South Korea
- BS in Industrial Engineering, Business, Applied Statistics (minor)
  - University of Yonsei, South Korea

# <h1 align="center"> 🔎 Research Interest </h1>
- Subtantive: Public Policy, Mobile Game, Digital Wallet, Digital Marketing
- Methods: Casual Inference, Bayesian Estimation, Image Analysis

# <h1 align="center"> 📝 Publication </h1>
<h5 align="center"> Recent Order </h5>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> YiLing Li, and Jeonghye Choi (2022), "The Effect of Lockdown Repeal: Bayesian Multilevel Difference-in-Differences Approach," *Asia Marketing Journal*, 24 (2), 109-120 <br>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> Youshin Kwak, and Jeonghye Choi (2022), "How Digital Wallet Adoption Affects Adopters' Shopping App Usage: Evidence from KakaoPay and KakaoCommerce," *Korean Operations Research and Management Science*, 47 (3), 33-48 <br>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> Hyungjun Yoon, Seeeun Lee, Solhee Park, Soyoung Sohn. (2021) "Quality Indicator Based Recommendation System of the National Assembly Members for Political Sponsors," *Korean Society for Quality Management*, 49 (1), 17-29 <br>


# <h1 align="center"> 📝 Working Paper</h1>
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "Halo or Cannibalization? Mobile Game Diversification Strategy and its Impact on Incumbent Apps"
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "Spatiotemporal Analysis of Location-based App Diffusion: Evidence from Delivery Apps"
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "WOM and Mobile Game"


# <h1 align="center"> 🏆 Awards & Scholarships </h1>

<h5 align="center"> Recent Order </h5>

- 2nd prize (with $5,000) in the '2022 Korea Management Association (KMAC) Business Innovation Contest', KMAC, 2022
- Research Fellowship, Academic Research Support Fellowship, 2022 ~
- Research Fellowship (with stipend), SSK (Social Science Korea), 2022 ~
- Research Fellowship (with stipend), BK (Brain Korea) 21 plus, 2022 ~
- Academic Achievement Award, Yonsei University, 2021
- 1st prize (with $500) in the 'National Assembly Legislative Activities Bigdata Contest', Dacon, 2021
- 1st prize (with $5,000) in the '1st Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Contest' (Algorithm Development), Samsung Card, 2020
- Academic Achievement Award, Yonsei University, 2020
- Social Innovation Scholarship, Institute for Higher Education Innovation, 2020
- 3rd prize (with $1,000) in 'Yonsei Bigdata Contest', Yonsei University, 2019


# <h1 align="center"> 💻 Programming Proficiency </h1>
```
🥇 Most Proficient
🥈 Proficient
```

## Programming Languages
- Python, Javascript, Typescript (ES6+) 🥇
- SQL (MySQL, PostegreSQL) 🥇
- R🥇

## Frameworks / Technologies
- AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, DynamoDB)🥇
- Express (Node.js) 🥇
- MongoDB 🥈
- HTML, CSS 🥈

# <h1 align="center"> 📂 Projects </h1>
<h5 align="center"> Recent Order </h5>

### EagleEagle, 'AI college life helper'
`#AI` `#ServiceLaunch`

- [EagleEagle Website](http://eagleeagle.io/)
- EagleEagle team is to develop a service from scratch. Our service recommends timetable based on the predicted success probability per mileage for course registration in Yonsei. Yonsei Univ. has unique course registration system. Students have to allocate certain amount of mileages for registration.
- I served as the PM of the project while developing AI algorithms and backend server. (Feb, 2021)
- EagleEagle team developed into a Startup and received 1st fundings from Enterprise support foundation. (Nov, 2021)
- Period: 2021.2 ~

---

### X-senators, Lawmaker Recommendation Website
`🥇Award Winning` `#Node.js` `#Python` `#NLP` 

[Dacon Leaderboard Link](https://dacon.io/competitions/official/235679/codeshare/1985)

- 1st place in the 'National Assembly Legislative Activities Bigdata Contest', Dacon, 2021
- X-senators is a lawmaker recommendation service to promote the political sponsors.
- Recommendation is based on the bills that lawmakers have proposed. Word2vec is used to make bills in to 100-dimensional vector and lawmakers' vector was made by aggregating bills' vector. Top 5 lawmakers who share similar interest with user were proposed by comparing cosine similarity between user input and lawmaker's input. 
- Period: 2020.11 ~ 2020.12

---

### KoBERT 3-sentences-summarizer
`#Python` `#NLP` `#KoBERT` `#Node.js`

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/3-lines-summary)

- This project is to make 3-sentences summarizer(extractive summarization) using KoBERT which is BERT for korean. Also developed a web page for demonstration.
- Period: 2020.10 ~ 2020.12
  
---

### Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Competition
#### *Developing an algorithm for predicting customer behavior*

`🥇Award Winning` `#Python` `#Machine Learning` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/SAMSUNG_CARDS)

- Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Competition is to develop an algorithm to predict which stores customers are gonna visit next time.
- Our team won a 1st prize.
- Period: 2020.08 ~ 2020.12

---

### POSCO ICT in-house data analysis
`#POSCO` `#Industry-Academic`

- POSCO ICT asked for research to find out COVID-19 impact on their company as an industry-academic cooperation. I helped professors preprocessing data and network analyze for their assertation.
- Period: 2020.07 ~ 2021.03

---

### Optimizing Toy Manufacturing Process with AI Competition
`#Python` `#Genetic Algorithm` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/DACON-Manufacture-Process-Optimization)

- It was AI competition by Dacon and LG. Our team used genetic algorithm to optimize toy manufacturing process. 
- Period: 2020.06 ~ 2020.7

---

### Daejeon Bigdata Competition
`#Python` `#Clustering` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Daejeon-bigdata-contest)

- Purpose of our project was to identify medical vulnerable area for youth in Daejeon and suggest policy to handle this vulnerability.
- Period: 2020.04 ~ 2020.7

---
### Lawmaker Recommendation System
`🥇Scholarship` `#Python` `#word2vec` 

[GitHub Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/National-assembly-member-recommder)

- Lawmaker recommendation system recommends lawmakers whose proposed bills are similar to user's interest.
- Lawmaker vector and user input vector were made with Word2vec and match similar lawmakers based on cosine similarity between vectors.
- Period: 2020.03 ~ 2020.7

---

### Petr.EAT Recommendation System
`#Python` `#NLP` `#recommendation`

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Petr.eat-Recommender)

- Petr.EAT is a platform selling hommade snacks for pets. My role is to make a recommendation system for products based on a description and ingredients of the products.
- Product vector was made with word2vec and TF-IDF score and use cosine similarity to recommend similar products.
- Period: 2020.02 ~ 2020.6

---

### PACKUS bigdata analysis 
`🥉Award Winning` `#Python` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Project_PACKUS)

- PACKUS is a B2B company that sells packaging containers for restaurants and companies. By analysing PACKUS's in-house data, our team suggests demand forecasting method to reduce delivery time and target marketing strategies.
- Won a excellence Award in 'Yonsei Bigdata Contest' in 2019
- Period: 2019.09 ~ 2019.12

---

### Kaggle Card fraud detection
`#Python` `#Machine Learning` `#Kaggle` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Project_Kaggle_Card_fraud_detection)

- Predict whether transaction is a fraud or not based on the card transaction data.
- My first Bigdata competition
- Period: 2019.07 ~ 2019.08

---

# <h1 align="center"> 📚 Courses </h1>
Courses that I took related to data science

Undergraduate

|Business| Industrial Engineering|Statistics|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Business Analytics|AI Startup|Calculus|
|Marketing Research|Data Analysis|Linear Algebra|
|Marketing Strategy Model|Optimization in AI|Statistical Method|
|Digital Marketing Seminar|Quality Engineering|R&Python Programming|
|Digital Marketing Strategy and Application|Deterministic Models in OR|Introduction to Statistics|
||Industrial Data Management|Bayesian Statistics|
||Intelligent Information System|Mathematical Statistics (1)|
||Data Mining Theory&Application|Mathematical Statistics (2)|

Graduate
|Business|Statistics|Economics|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Quantitative Marketing Seminar|Advanced Bayesian Methods|Econometrics 1|
||Deep Learning for Visual Recognition||
||Generalized Mixed Models for Data Science||
||Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis||

Commit message:

updated presentations and awards/scholarships

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><strong>Hyun Woo, Jung</strong></h1>

<h4 align="center">Email: hyunwoo.jung@yonsei.ac.kr </h4>


# <h1 align="center"> 🏫 Education </h1>
- MS in Quantitative Marketing (advisor Prof.Jeonghye Choi)
  - University of Yonsei, South Korea
- BS in Industrial Engineering, Business, Applied Statistics (minor)
  - University of Yonsei, South Korea

# <h1 align="center"> 🔎 Research Interest </h1>
- Subtantive: Public Policy, Mobile Game, Digital Wallet, Digital Marketing
- Methods: Casual Inference, Bayesian Estimation, Image Analysis

# <h1 align="center"> 📝 Publication </h1>
<h5 align="center"> Recent Order </h5>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> YiLing Li, and Jeonghye Choi (2022), "The Effect of Lockdown Repeal: Bayesian Multilevel Difference-in-Differences Approach," *Asia Marketing Journal*, 24 (2), 109-120 <br>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> Youshin Kwak, and Jeonghye Choi (2022), "How Digital Wallet Adoption Affects Adopters' Shopping App Usage: Evidence from KakaoPay and KakaoCommerce," *Korean Operations Research and Management Science*, 47 (3), 33-48 <br>

- <b> Jung, Hyunwoo, </b> Hyungjun Yoon, Seeeun Lee, Solhee Park, Soyoung Sohn. (2021) "Quality Indicator Based Recommendation System of the National Assembly Members for Political Sponsors," *Korean Society for Quality Management*, 49 (1), 17-29 <br>


# <h1 align="center"> 📝 Working Paper</h1>
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "Halo or Cannibalization? New Mobile Game Adoption and its Impact on Incumbent Apps"
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "Spatiotemporal Analysis of Location-based App Diffusion: Evidence from Delivery Apps"
- Jung, Hyunwoo and Jeonghye Choi "WOM and Mobile Game"


# <h1 align="center"> 🏆 Awards & Scholarships </h1>

<h3 align="center"> Awards </h3>

- 2nd prize (with $5,000) in the '2022 Korea Management Association (KMAC) Business Innovation Contest', KMAC, 2022
- Academic Achievement Award, Yonsei University, 2021
- 1st prize (with $500) in the 'National Assembly Legislative Activities Bigdata Contest', Dacon, 2021
- 1st prize (with $5,000) in the '1st Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Contest' (Algorithm Development), Samsung Card, 2020
- Academic Achievement Award, Yonsei University, 2020
- 3rd prize (with $1,000) in 'Yonsei Bigdata Contest', Yonsei University, 2019

<h3 align="center"> Scholarships </h3>

- Research Fellowship, Academic Research Support Fellowship, 2022 ~
- Research Fellowship (with stipend), SSK (Social Science Korea), 2022 ~
- Research Fellowship (with stipend), BK (Brain Korea) 21 plus, 2022 ~
- Social Innovation Scholarship, Institute for Higher Education Innovation, 2020

# <h1 align="center"> 🎤 Conference Presentations </h1>

"Halo or Cannibalization? New Mobile Game Adoption and its Impact on Incumbent Apps"
- Korea Management Engineers Society Fall Conference in Seoul, Korea (2022)


# <h1 align="center"> 💻 Programming Proficiency </h1>
```
🥇 Most Proficient
🥈 Proficient
```

## Programming Languages
- Python, Javascript, Typescript (ES6+) 🥇
- SQL (MySQL, PostegreSQL) 🥇
- R🥇

## Frameworks / Technologies
- AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, DynamoDB)🥇
- Express (Node.js) 🥇
- MongoDB 🥈
- HTML, CSS 🥈

# <h1 align="center"> 📂 Projects </h1>
<h5 align="center"> Recent Order </h5>

### EagleEagle, 'AI college life helper'
`#AI` `#ServiceLaunch`

- [EagleEagle Website](http://eagleeagle.io/)
- EagleEagle team is to develop a service from scratch. Our service recommends timetable based on the predicted success probability per mileage for course registration in Yonsei. Yonsei Univ. has unique course registration system. Students have to allocate certain amount of mileages for registration.
- I served as the PM of the project while developing AI algorithms and backend server. (Feb, 2021)
- EagleEagle team developed into a Startup and received 1st fundings from Enterprise support foundation. (Nov, 2021)
- Period: 2021.2 ~

---

### X-senators, Lawmaker Recommendation Website
`🥇Award Winning` `#Node.js` `#Python` `#NLP` 

[Dacon Leaderboard Link](https://dacon.io/competitions/official/235679/codeshare/1985)

- 1st place in the 'National Assembly Legislative Activities Bigdata Contest', Dacon, 2021
- X-senators is a lawmaker recommendation service to promote the political sponsors.
- Recommendation is based on the bills that lawmakers have proposed. Word2vec is used to make bills in to 100-dimensional vector and lawmakers' vector was made by aggregating bills' vector. Top 5 lawmakers who share similar interest with user were proposed by comparing cosine similarity between user input and lawmaker's input. 
- Period: 2020.11 ~ 2020.12

---

### KoBERT 3-sentences-summarizer
`#Python` `#NLP` `#KoBERT` `#Node.js`

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/3-lines-summary)

- This project is to make 3-sentences summarizer(extractive summarization) using KoBERT which is BERT for korean. Also developed a web page for demonstration.
- Period: 2020.10 ~ 2020.12
  
---

### Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Competition
#### *Developing an algorithm for predicting customer behavior*

`🥇Award Winning` `#Python` `#Machine Learning` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/SAMSUNG_CARDS)

- Samsung Card Bigdata Analysis Competition is to develop an algorithm to predict which stores customers are gonna visit next time.
- Our team won a 1st prize.
- Period: 2020.08 ~ 2020.12

---

### POSCO ICT in-house data analysis
`#POSCO` `#Industry-Academic`

- POSCO ICT asked for research to find out COVID-19 impact on their company as an industry-academic cooperation. I helped professors preprocessing data and network analyze for their assertation.
- Period: 2020.07 ~ 2021.03

---

### Optimizing Toy Manufacturing Process with AI Competition
`#Python` `#Genetic Algorithm` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/DACON-Manufacture-Process-Optimization)

- It was AI competition by Dacon and LG. Our team used genetic algorithm to optimize toy manufacturing process. 
- Period: 2020.06 ~ 2020.7

---

### Daejeon Bigdata Competition
`#Python` `#Clustering` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Daejeon-bigdata-contest)

- Purpose of our project was to identify medical vulnerable area for youth in Daejeon and suggest policy to handle this vulnerability.
- Period: 2020.04 ~ 2020.7

---
### Lawmaker Recommendation System
`🥇Scholarship` `#Python` `#word2vec` 

[GitHub Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/National-assembly-member-recommder)

- Lawmaker recommendation system recommends lawmakers whose proposed bills are similar to user's interest.
- Lawmaker vector and user input vector were made with Word2vec and match similar lawmakers based on cosine similarity between vectors.
- Period: 2020.03 ~ 2020.7

---

### Petr.EAT Recommendation System
`#Python` `#NLP` `#recommendation`

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Petr.eat-Recommender)

- Petr.EAT is a platform selling hommade snacks for pets. My role is to make a recommendation system for products based on a description and ingredients of the products.
- Product vector was made with word2vec and TF-IDF score and use cosine similarity to recommend similar products.
- Period: 2020.02 ~ 2020.6

---

### PACKUS bigdata analysis 
`🥉Award Winning` `#Python` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Project_PACKUS)

- PACKUS is a B2B company that sells packaging containers for restaurants and companies. By analysing PACKUS's in-house data, our team suggests demand forecasting method to reduce delivery time and target marketing strategies.
- Won a excellence Award in 'Yonsei Bigdata Contest' in 2019
- Period: 2019.09 ~ 2019.12

---

### Kaggle Card fraud detection
`#Python` `#Machine Learning` `#Kaggle` 

[Github Link](https://github.com/hw79chopin/Project_Kaggle_Card_fraud_detection)

- Predict whether transaction is a fraud or not based on the card transaction data.
- My first Bigdata competition
- Period: 2019.07 ~ 2019.08

---

# <h1 align="center"> 📚 Courses </h1>
Courses that I took related to data science

Undergraduate

|Business| Industrial Engineering|Statistics|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Business Analytics|AI Startup|Calculus|
|Marketing Research|Data Analysis|Linear Algebra|
|Marketing Strategy Model|Optimization in AI|Statistical Method|
|Digital Marketing Seminar|Quality Engineering|R&Python Programming|
|Digital Marketing Strategy and Application|Deterministic Models in OR|Introduction to Statistics|
||Industrial Data Management|Bayesian Statistics|
||Intelligent Information System|Mathematical Statistics (1)|
||Data Mining Theory&Application|Mathematical Statistics (2)|

Graduate
|Business|Statistics|Economics|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Quantitative Marketing Seminar|Advanced Bayesian Methods|Econometrics 1|
||Deep Learning for Visual Recognition||
||Generalized Mixed Models for Data Science||
||Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis||
